♫ Close your eyes. I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
♫ You fell into my colorful dream from last night ♫
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ Just want to wait until the rain falls first, slowly making your hair wet ♫
♫ I seem to have used some kind of magic ♫
♫ Even a frozen river can melt ♫
♫ Is it like Zhuang Zhou's dream of becoming a butterfly? ♫
♫ You are a blessing and a blight ♫
♫ Then just accept it, accompanying you in a peaceful and clear night ♫
♫ Listening to the temple's monk ringing the bell ♫
♫ Laying at the  Mount Nan loft relaxing ♫
♫ For you I hid my tears ♫
♫ Abandoned worldly affairs. I will find you no matter the time and place ♫
♫ It's you for the rest of my life. I want to be closer to you ♫
♫ Meeting you in the mortal world ♫
♫Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
[Love Is All]
[Teacher: Take Care of Yourself]
[Episode 22]
[When get kidnapped, reveal the identity. - When get ambushed, injuries depends on God.  ]
Older sister Lingyin is here.
-Older sister Lingyin.
- Older sister Lingyin. Where are the reinforcements?
Did Sir not send anyone over to help us?
I am no longer an advisor.
He won't help us.
Older sister Lingyin, why are you so stupid?
Why must you do what the letter tells you to?
Then does he not believe us?
It's not that.
It's me who doesn't know how.
Older sister Lingyin, don't be sad.
I took out all the cash we have from the bookshop.
There are only
200 taels of silver
We are short of 1800 taels
Wait, who's that?
Here is the "1800 taels"
What's wrong with you guys?
You two, you two.
I-I am just passing by.
I am really just passing by. I don't want to come in.
Zhu Dacong.
There's only you who can help me now.
If things go well,
I will go back with you immediately and get married to you.
No.
Who bullied my Miss?
Tell me! Who bullied my Miss?
Qingchen was kidnapped.
Her brother got kidnapped?
This big of problem and you didn't tell me earlier?
How did you two watch him?
Where is he?
They're asking us for ransom money.
But we only have 200 taels.
200 taels!
Is it not enough?
Need 1800 taels in addition
Need 1800 taels...
Miss.
Remember.
As long as I am here,
I will protect you and your brother.
You two make her happy.
The money will arrive shortly.
Let's go make some money.
[Tongling County Office]
There's no way Advisor is a spy. How could she keep it a secret from us for that long?
Our ritual officer is taking money from people.
Do you know this?
Each student scholar need to pay 8 qian.
The person who cannot afford cannot take the course.
Go quickly and teach him a lesson.
No need to injure any tendons or bones.
But we cannot lack bruises.
I am having a serious conversation with you. What are you doing?
In my precinct,
student scholars don't even have a school to go to. Doesn't this count as a serious matter?
Yes, yes, yes. It does count as a serious matter.
I'll go and whip that old money-hungry bastard in a bit.
What's important right now is Advisor Tan.
Do you really believe what she said?
She really tried hard not to blink.
She pinched herself so hard that it was red.
Doesn't it just prove that shes lying?
I don't know what this idiot is thinking.
I have my own reasons.
The ritual officer lives next to Gutao bookstore.
You can take care of these two.
Then what about you?
You hate to part with her right?
For you, I'm going to help persuade her to stay.
Why are you still not killing me?
Don't worry.
Wait for your older sister.
So that both of you guys can die together.
The money is already given to them.
Why aren't they here yet?
There's not even a boat here. How are we supposed to give it to them?
He's here.
You left me to ask him for help?
Can't you show some promise?
What! Why can't she look for me?
I already found the person who's suppose to collect the money.
-How did you know my younger brother got kidnapped?
-Yeah.
Hey, don't stay silent.
What if they escape?
You have the money,
but what about the younger brother?
-Tang Feilong, explain it to us clearly.
-Sir.
-Are you going to talk or not?
-Talk!
-I will talk.
-Then talk!
I am innocent.
A woman said...Said for me to stand there and wait.
She said if I stay till afternoon, she'll give me 100 silver taels.
I really don't know anything else.
You are innocent? Not even a ghost would believe that!
- He is drawing out time.
- He is definitely drawing out time. Hit him.
Advisor, don't worry! Sir went to look for him.
- Where did Sir Tang go to look for him?
- He ordered us to search the entire county.
Even if we have to dig three feet underground, we will still find him.
He also said you should stay at the County Office.
This person's aim isn't pure. It may be a plan to lure us out.
Their motive is you.
Young Lord Tan! Young Lord Tan!
Where are you, Young Lord Tan!
Sir. We looked everywhere.
We couldn't find the Advisor's brother.
Are we planning on going up Mount Tianmu to find them?
Are you not familiar with the topography of Mount Tianmu?
Even if we search the entire mountain, we might not be able to find him.
Young Lord Tan! Young Lord Tan!
I already notified Duan Feng. They're searching Mount Tianmu too.
Once they find anything they will tell us.
Young Lord Tan! Can you hear us?
There is a child there.
Slowly.
Are you guys here to catch ghosts?
Catch ghosts? What kind of ghost?
Everyone say there are lots of ghosts on Mount Tianmu.
At night, it will come down to eat humans.
Last night there were a lot of sounds. In the house, it was banging on the walls.
What house?
That one!
In that house, an old man has died there. So no one ever dares to live there.
Everyone says that old man is back.
That's why there's such a commotion.
-Do you want me to go with you?
- I will go myself. I owe her an explanation.
What kind of look is that? So full of dislike.
In any case I'm here to save you.
You don't need to save me.
Do you want to die? You have to ask your sister first.
I told you not to touch me.
She's not my biological sister.
- My biological sister—
- Was the empress at that time.
How do you know?
People from the royal palace are on their way to save you.
If I give them a dead body, that is really rude.
I will only bring them endless danger if I live.
I don't want to bother them anymore.
Jiang Rendong.
Do you know that name?
The son of Jiang Shilang, Jiang Rendong.
He fell and died whilst playing polo.
His father was deeply affected by this. He became like a walking corpse.
Even though he appears to have duties in the court, this old man...
He was no longer anyone important.
The son who had high hopes placed on him
not only was he unable to inherit his legacy,
but plotted to seize the throne instead.
Have they been chasing and trying to kill you ever since you were young?
That's right.
Then this time...
It is your fiance.
Where is she?
I'm not too sure either.
They made me unconscious.
Then just disappeared.
Can you recall what else she said?
She also said to wait for my sister.
That we will die together.
They definitely will have some other trick up their sleeve, we have to leave now.
Be careful!
- Darn! What is this?
- I have an idea.
Brother-In-Law, are you here to save me or put me in more danger?
It's typical to see a hero rescuing a damsel. But a hero saving a brother-in-law.
Are you touched?
Don't come over here!
Hurry up and come down! It's dangerous there.
-Yes!
- Lord Tang will save your brother, you have to believe him.
My brother is my life, so I need to go save him!
Yes. Yes. Yes! Just come down.
Just come down and tell us.
Don't worry, I won't do anything stupid.
Okay.
You were right! A bastard will be punished sooner or later.
Who knows, they might be queuing up at the gates of hell to register their names!
What do you mean?
It was all to save your brother. He was trapped in a moment of emergency.
He almost lost his life.
Then why are you here?
I came back as reinforcement.
- Wife!
- Be careful, Advisor!
The candle is about to break the string. What should we do?
Qingchen, look above us.
Move.
Move?
Hurry.
Hold on tight!
Hurry!
You still have time to drink tea? Their life is hanging by a thin line.
Don't panic. I have my own plans.
Not panic? What plans do you have?
Why are you pretending to be Tang Tianyuan? Do you have his brains?
It seems like your impression of Master Tang has changed recently.
Have you thought everything through?
Are you going to save them? If not, I will go myself.
Stop!
Master Tang has a plan. He thought of a back-up plan ages ago.
There's no danger in Advisor Tan going.
Also, this is such a good chance for them to make up.
Don't mess things up.
I-
Come on!
How are you guys?
Are you guys okay?
Are you okay? Qing Chen, does it hurt?
I'm okay, Sister.
Why are you here? Where is Zheng Shaofeng?
Don't listen to him. Are you okay?
You're not mad anymore?
What are you talking about?
In the public court I was put in a disadvantageous position.
So everything I said was a lie.
I thought you were pretty authentic.
You are right.
I did doubt your ability.
So you just left like that?
What do you mean just leaving like that?
As a magistrate can't you speak properly?
Pot calling the kettle black. I've been led astray by you.
Actually I thought about it later on.
But you know me, it's so easy for me to be rash.
Zong Yinglin took advantage of this weakness.
I won't lie to you anymore.
You are a liar. You even lied and
said you are Tang Feilong.
I really won't this time.
I promise you, if I lie then I will-
-Sister.
- Qing Chen.
Are you okay?
I am fine. Sister,
are you here to save me or him?
Of course, it's you. Silly brother.
I will protect you well from now on.
If Master Tang wasn't here today then you would be dead.
Sister, I'm sorry for worrying you.
As long as you are fine.
Duan Feng?
Brother are you okay?
All thanks to Lord Tang.
I searched the whole mountain, and I don't even get a word of thanks?
Aren't we good friends? Treating me as if I was a stranger.
But thank you.
Look at him. Always so reasonable.
The brother is found.
There's not much left for you to do here, right?
Look at your cold and ruthless manner.
Okay. I will leave.
I will contact Old Tie myself.
Wait!
You went to look for Old Tie?
Of course.
And then?
Let's not tell her.
Tell me!
Later at the Shen hour we're meeting in front of the mountain village.
I will go with you.
I also want to go.
Listen to me, go back to the County Office.
Your brother has something to tell you.
Let's talk about it later.
Once we get back to the County Office I will ask Zheng Shaofeng to bring troops to pick me up.
Then stay safe.
It's okay. I will come back safely.
Don't worry, without him there's still me.
Stop saying nonsense.
Don't worry.
I will be safe.
-We are leaving.
- Duan Feng, take care of Lord Tang for me.
Let's go.
Are you crazy?
Who told you to kidnap Tang Qing Chen?
That will reveal us!
Isn't there a saying that men are fickle?
But why did he still come for her?
Those two have long been embarrassing together.
Why can't he ever see my existence?
Tang Tianyuan this person is too cruel.
Maybe I should have listened to you earlier and kill him based on our plan.
Should have pushed him off Tianmu Mountain so he dies without a grave!
I've already intercepted his letter to the Emperor asking for his help.
My father has also stopped all the news regarding Tongling from getting out.
But you...
When will you
give us the hidden things?
N..No No. Miss Jiang.
You also know him,
I have an agreement with Lord Jiang.
Look for the gold and hand over the key.
In an agreement, as gentlemen we cannot go back on our word.
We can't go against it.
Qing Chen. Did you see who kidnapped you?
Why aren't you talking?
Didn't Lord Tang say you have something to tell me?
Sister. I found my family.
They are from the Capital. They sent me a letter.
They asked me to go back and reunite with them.
Why so suddenly?
Is it your biological parents?
Are they tricking you?
Lord Tang found them, so it should be real.
Didn't he say he wouldn't lie to me? Why didn't he tell me this?
Sister, if you aren't happy then I won't go.
Anyway, I've not seen them in so many years. Haven't I already been living well?
Let's not talk about that.
Why did they abandon you?
Since they already abandoned,
why are they now looking for you.
Constable Zheng. What are you doing in the assistant's room?
Not much, I was just concerned about his daily needs.
I want to see if there is anything we need to replace.
The Assistant? He is a big man.
What do you need to care about?
If we want to care, we should care more about-
We are leaving!
So... your biological sister is?
The queen.
Then what about me?
You are my sister.
Qing Chen.
Since you already found your biological sister, why didn't you tell me?
Are you scared of me preventing you from going back to your real family?
Once I leave what will happen to you?
Your cooking is awful, you can't clean clothes properly, you can't count your accounts clearly.
Stop talking!
You make it sound like I'm completely useless!
Your elder sister has been looking for you for 10 years,
according to reason, you should pay your respects to her.
But..But what about you?
What about me?
Now that you have your empress older sister, you'll forget about Miaomiao Sheng?
Of course not!
Then isn't that fine?
I can't believe,
I have a relative who is related to royalty.
When you go back, take good care of yourself.
When you have time come and visit me and mom.
Also our bookstore.
Oh yeah.
Didn't you say
it was because when you were younger you heard the wild ambitions of Jiang Shilang.
So they wanted to kill you?
Then who kidnapped you this time?
It was Jiang Shilang's daughter, Jiang Muchun.
What?
Oh no!
I will tell you later!
I helped you so many times, how are you going to thank me?
As a professional bandit,
for you to be able to meet me and help me with tasks, it is your honour.
If you don't speak properly, I will switch allegiance to Lao Tie.
Anyway the words of bandits can never be trusted.
After this incident I'll definitely put in a good word for you.
All your previous crimes can be forgotten.
Just like that?
Sir! Sir!
It's too late, this is a trap! Hurry and go back to the County Office!
Xiao Feilong, be careful!
Sir!
-Hurry up and leave!
-Let's go.
Duan Feng, help me!
Be careful!
We will leave first, you guys stay safe.
Hug me tightly.
Go!
[Tongling County Office]
Sir! Sir!
Sir!
Come someone! Bring bandages and medicine!
Sir! Sir!
- I will go get the doctor.
-Hurry up!
Tan Lingyin, you severely injured Sir Tang.
From now on you are not allowed to come here!
What do you mean?
Are all of you deaf? Dawang, Xiao Liu, do you still see yourselves as people of the magistrate?
Jiang Muchun, is this the right time to say these things?
Take her out!
But...But.
I am the Lord's fiance.
Are you going to listen to her or me?
Cong Shun.
How about you?
No need. I will leave myself.
-Take good care of him.
-Please.
Hurry!
-This way.
-Hurry!
Sir!
Why are you holding a sword?
To protect myself.
I'm the only one here so it's unnecessary.
We're brothers yet you sent someone to ambush and kill me on the way here.
What a good brother.
What are you talking about?
I am so disappointed in you.
I'll be honest with you. If the county magistrate couldn't get the money,
You shouldn't even think about it either.
So?
Are you here to show off?
I am the only one who knows where the gold is.
I've also contacted the one in charge of the county.
They will kill all of you guys.
When you guys are all dead,
the gold is all mine!
We're talking. Why are you trying to kill me?
If you die, it's because you had conflict with Tang Feilong.
If you don't die,
it's also because you and Tang Feilong had conflict over splitting the gold.
You suddenly had a desire to kill and decided to hurt him on the way to the mountain.
[Tongling County Office]
Xue Li, is Lord Tang inside?
He is.
What's wrong?
Xue Li.
You can go in first.
What's wrong?
Sir has good fortune. He's okay.
Then why are you both like that?
How did the Lord get hurt? Was it because of Advisor Tan?
Swords don't have eyes. We don't really know...
It's like this already! If it is her, just say so. I won't eat her.
Even though Sir Tang said ruthless words in court that day,
Advisor Tan would never hurt him over that.
Of course not!
But... what do you mean by that?
Miss Jiang said Advisor Tan turned her love into hate,
choose Duan Feng, and hurt Sir Tang.
She's not allowed to come to the county office.
Miss Jiang said you can go in to see the Lord.
Forget it. Tell him to wait.
Keep him alive. When I come back, we're going to drink for three days and three nights!
Advisor. Be careful!
If you get hurt, then I will have a hard time explaining to the Lord.
I don't need you to explain it to him. I can tell him myself.
The Lord is still unconscious right now.
You're not a medical professional so you can't save him.
You can't say anything intimate to him right now. Please leave.
How did I do to bother you?
You already kidnapped my brother and almost killed Lord Tang.
Even if you hate me, do you really need to commit murder?
Stop saying nonsense!
No.
The Lord told me you aren't the Advisor anymore.
If you want to talk about how love turns into hate,
aren't you more fitting than me?
Didn't you plan on up to the mountain with that bandit?
I know what you are trying to do.
You want me to bring Duan Feng down here as a witness.
So that you can kill him easily.
Then do it! You can try it out and see if it actually like that.
Don't get too happy too soon!
Once Sir Tang wakes up, he'll lock you up!
Let's wait until he actually wakes up.
This bailiff sure worries me. Why didn't he stop you?
Xi Hulu, go ask who was on duty in jail today.
You don't need you to tell me to leave. I'll leave by myself!
Where is the Advisor?
I don't know. She came back hurriedly
and said stuff we didn't understand.
Then she left in a hurry.
Did she say how she knew there was a trap?
Also, did she mention anyone?
No.
She was just anxiously pacing around the house.
She said something like "If I don't get revenge, I'll write my name upside-down."
Then do you know where she went?
I'm not too sure.
Sister Linying also said she had to see
how much skill this devious woman has.
She doesn't leave a trace!
A devious woman...
Then can it be her?
Whatever for now. I'll going to look around in Mount Tianmu.
Notify me immediately if she comes back.
Don't let her leave the county office. Okay?
Zhou
[Tongling County Office]
Head Constable Zheng.
Head Constable Zheng?
Young Master Zhu.
Where is Lord Tang?
He's here. But you can't see him.
What do you mean?
He's been attacked. He's about to die.
Your chance is here again.
Whatever. I won't make jokes anymore. Sir Tang is fine.
Oh. Head Constable Zheng. I...
I'm here to resign.
♫ The overnight spring breeze, as I go out into the world, hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫ The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets, I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫ The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ A single flourishing blossom tree is hazier after being hit by the rain ♫
♫ A lonely lit lamp reflects onto the paper window endlessly ♫
i> ♫ Endlessly, it cannot end, this spring flower ♫
♫ Seeing the dried up vines and hearing the winters crows, too busy to rest ♫<
♫ A stream of west wind, welcomes Tusu (wine), in pursuit ♫
♫ In pursuit of the four seasons, the oceans, but I hesitate ♫
♫ When the brush stops, the wind stops, sleep stops ♫
♫ The long journey home ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫ The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk ♫
♫ And another cup ♫